README.md, before:

# Jtv

This library provides a complete wrapper for the Justin.TV and Twitch.TV APIs.

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

    gem 'jtv'

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install jtv

## Justin.TV API Keys

If you want access to higher rate limits for your application, then you
need to sign up for a [Justin.TV developer account](http://www.justin.tv/developer/activate).

Once you have your API Keys, you can set them up using the configuration guide
below.

## Configuration

```ruby
  Jtv.configure do |config|
    config.consumer_key = YOUR_CONSUMER_KEY
    config.consumer_secret = YOUR_CONSUMER_SECRET
  end
```

If you want to make requests on behalf of a specific user, then you need to
instantiate a client.

```ruby
  @client = Jtv::Client.new oauth_token: 'users_token',
    oauth_secret: 'users_secret'
```

## Usage

The Jtv gem offers various methods depending on the type of information
you're looking for.

It's recommended to cache your requests, and to always keep your
account's rate limit in mind.

Check out the [RDOC](http://rubydoc.info/github/Mockra/Jtv/).

### Stream

#### Summary

Returns aggregate stream information for all live channels (possibly scoped by
category).

```ruby
  Jtv.summary
  # {"average_bitrate"=>0, "streams_count"=>4346, "viewers_count"=>"142733"}

  Jtv.summary channel: 'mockra'
  # {"average_bitrate"=>0, "streams_count"=>0, "viewers_count"=>0}
```

You can include a channel, language, or category in your search params.

#### List

Returns stream information for all live channels. The results are sorted by the
current number of viewers, with the most popular channels first.

```ruby
  Jtv.list category: 'gaming', limit: 1
  # [{'name' => 'live_user_wingsofdeath'...}]
```

You can include a channel, category, title, language, limit, and offset.

#### Search

Returns stream information for the live channels that match a search query. The
results are sorted by the current number of viewers, with the most popular
channels first.

```ruby
  Jtv.search 'gaming', limit: 1
  # [{'name' => 'live_user_steven_bonnell_ii'...}]
```

The first argument is your search query, and you can also pass limit and offset
as params.

## Contributing

Contributions and feedback are more than welcome and highly encouraged.

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Added some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create new Pull Request

## Contact

[david@mockra.com](mailto:david@mockra.com)

[@Mockra_](http://twitter.com/#!/mockra_)

[mockra.com](http://mockra.com)

Commit message:

added access to the user api

README.md, after:

# Jtv

This library provides a complete wrapper for the Justin.TV and Twitch.TV APIs.

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

    gem 'jtv'

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install jtv

## Justin.TV API Keys

If you want access to higher rate limits for your application, then you
need to sign up for a [Justin.TV developer account](http://www.justin.tv/developer/activate).

Once you have your API Keys, you can set them up using the configuration guide
below.

## Configuration

```ruby
  Jtv.configure do |config|
    config.consumer_key = YOUR_CONSUMER_KEY
    config.consumer_secret = YOUR_CONSUMER_SECRET
  end
```

If you want to make requests on behalf of a specific user, then you need to
instantiate a client.

```ruby
  @client = Jtv::Client.new oauth_token: 'users_token',
    oauth_secret: 'users_secret'
```

## Usage

The Jtv gem offers various methods depending on the type of information
you're looking for.

It's recommended to cache your requests, and to always keep your
account's rate limit in mind.

Check out the [RDOC](http://rubydoc.info/github/Mockra/Jtv/).

### Stream

#### Summary

Returns aggregate stream information for all live channels (possibly scoped by
category).

```ruby
  Jtv.summary
  # {"average_bitrate"=>0, "streams_count"=>4346, "viewers_count"=>"142733"}

  Jtv.summary channel: 'mockra'
  # {"average_bitrate"=>0, "streams_count"=>0, "viewers_count"=>0}
```

You can include a channel, language, or category in your search params.

#### List

Returns stream information for all live channels. The results are sorted by the
current number of viewers, with the most popular channels first.

```ruby
  Jtv.list category: 'gaming', limit: 1
  # [{'name' => 'live_user_wingsofdeath'...}]
```

You can include a channel, category, title, language, limit, and offset.

#### Search

Returns stream information for the live channels that match a search query. The
results are sorted by the current number of viewers, with the most popular
channels first.

```ruby
  Jtv.search 'gaming', limit: 1
  # [{'name' => 'live_user_steven_bonnell_ii'...}]
```

The first argument is your search query, and you can also pass limit and offset
as params.

### User

#### Show

Returns extended information for a user, specified by user id or login.

```ruby
  Jtv.user_show 'mockra'
  # {"id"=>22056792...}
```

Pass in a user's login.

#### Favorites

Get all channels who are favorites of a user.

```ruby
  Jtv.favorites 'mockra'
  # [{}]
```

Pass in a user's login.

## Contributing

Contributions and feedback are more than welcome and highly encouraged.

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Added some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create new Pull Request

## Contact

[david@mockra.com](mailto:david@mockra.com)

[@Mockra_](http://twitter.com/#!/mockra_)

[mockra.com](http://mockra.com)
